apparmor.service                        enabled         disabled
asd.service                             enabled         disabled
auto-cpufreq.service                    enabled         disabled
disable-usb-wakeup.service              enabled         disabled
getty@.service                          enabled         enabled
irqbalance.service                      enabled         disabled
iwd.service                             enabled         disabled
ktweak.service                          enabled         disabled
nohang-desktop.service                  enabled         disabled
set-cfs-tweaks.service                  enabled         disabled
systemd-boot-update.service             disabled        enabled
systemd-homed.service                   disabled        enabled
systemd-network-generator.service       disabled        enabled
systemd-networkd.service                disabled        enabled
systemd-pstore.service                  disabled        enabled
systemd-remount-fs.service              enabled-runtime disabled
systemd-resolved.service                enabled         enabled
systemd-timesyncd.service               disabled        enabled
systemd-userdbd.socket                  disabled        enabled
machines.target                         disabled        enabled
reboot.target                           disabled        enabled
remote-cryptsetup.target                disabled        enabled
remote-fs.target                        enabled         enabled
fstrim.timer                            enabled         disabled
